MAN: Come on.
CLAUDINE: Come on, bitches.
Get back! Get back!
Don't, please, don't.
Down on the ground
right now.
All of it. Come on.
That's it. That's all.
NATE: Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, wait a second! Aah!
D'AVENIR: Ah...
I am sensing
a presence is now with us.
Can you feel that
we are not alone?
Oh, yeah,
I definitely get the sense
that we are not alone.
I am being told that
you will discover
something from your past.
Is there a John in your life?
No.
Michael?
Nope.
A Steve?
William?
No, no, no.
How about if
there's anybody whose name
starts with
the letters "B," "R,"
or "T"?
Ah, lots of people.
Lots of...
The spirits are correct! Yes!
No, but I know
thousands of...
Okay, uh...
What else are
the spirits telling you?
That there will
be a tall, dark
and handsome man coming
into your life soon.
Oh, and young.
Really?
Yes, really.
You said the exact
same thing three weeks ago,
word for word,
and if I didn't know better,
I'd think you were
making it all up.
No, no, no.
The spirits are telling me now
that your
skepticism is because
you're going
through a very bad period
of doubt in your
life right now.
Listen, I am a super cop
with a 100% solve rate
and a perfect memory.
I'm not really that
familiar with doubt.
All your
chattering is interfering
with my connection
to the spirits.
Although, in their defense,
on June 18th,
they told me I'd be facing
an uphill struggle
to overcome something,
and right after that,
I got poisoned.
I predicted a damn poisoning.
And... My...
My dear Carrie,
haven't the spirits proven
themselves to you now?
No.
Yes.
I don't know.
I'm struggling with it,
because on April 25th,
they told me that...
Hey, Al.
Really
Um, okay.
I'm on my way.
All right, bye.
Hmm.
The spirits want to make sure
that they tell you
about the tall,
dark and handsome man
whose name
begins With letter...
The letter "A," I know.
Al, my partner.
They heard me talking
to him on the phone.
No, the spirits are saying
his name begins with
the letter "E," actually.
Really, the letter "E"?
Mmm-hmm.
I will see you next week.
Okay, I'll be here.
No, I'm not asking you.
I know.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Hey, I'm sorry I'm late.
Traffic.
Why does my crazy psychic
have to live all
the way out in Queens?
What, your fraud
of a fortune teller
couldn't see
traffic in your future?
No, but she did see
a very handsome
man entering my life.
Ah! Look no further.
She also said young.
Okay.
Masked man entered
Bob's Quickie Mart
at 5:30 this morning,
ran out with 800 bucks.
CARRIE: So who's our victim?
Nate Orton, 49 years old.
According to witnesses,
he arrived
just as the gunman
was leaving the store.
Single gunshot
wound to the chest.
No ballistics.
MAN: Go, go!
Get back!
Count of one,
and somebody's
pulling up a stump.
I said, get back!
Wow! Aggressive.
Assertive.
What are these guys
doing here anyway?
Our victim's not
exactly famous.
AL: Stringers.
We call them _
the "horror papara22i".
Instead of celebrities,
they shoot crime scenes,
victims.
It's gross.
So they sell footage of
other people's misery,
trying to make a couple bucks?
That's pathetic.
He was one of them.
You guys,
look at the microphone
on that camera.
Exactly the same as
this one, right here.
What if Nate Orton
was filming the robbery?
He gets shot,
the camera drops,
microphone breaks off.
But the camera's not here,
which means the killer
must have grabbed it.
But guess what?
The microphones
have memory chips in them.
Listen, Delina,
can you get this to Jay,
have him work his magic on it?
All right, I got it.
Those the witnesses?
AL: On their way home
from a prep school prom.
All of them were
inside the store
when Orton was shot,
and so far, none of them
remember anything.
Really?
Hell of a way to
end prom night.
DENNY: Okay,
so he hides his face.
_No mistakes.
Didn't leave any
prints at the scene.
Pretty good for a punk robber.
What about exterior cameras?
Out of commi55ion.
CSU find the vic's camera yet?
Nope.
Carrie was right.
Move.
Right.
SD card in the mic
wand was intact.
AL: Which means?
Which means maybe
we can hear everything
that went down.
Okay, so I pulled out
all the ambient noise I could.
Check this.
NATE: Butterfly.
Go back.
NATE:
Ohh... Butterfly.
Butterfly?
What's that mean?
He'd just been shot.
Probably was in shock.
Unless he thought
those were his last words.
Or maybe it's like
a "Rosebud" kind of thing,
like in Citizen Kane.
You know, it turned out
that was his sled
when he was a kid.
_ How about _
a sp0iler alert next time?
The movie came out in 1941.
You don't get a spoiler alert.
There was a butterfly.
One of the prom girls
had a butterfly
tattoo on her ankle.
What if she was
near Nate when he died?
All seven _kids said
they were in5ide the store.
So she's lying.
Yep.
Call my daughter
a liar again...
We're not calling
your daughter a liar.
I'm gonna sue all
your asses, okay?
than being sued by
someone like you,
so please just sit down.
Okay, everybody here needs
to stop talking
about asses, okay?
MR. FUGARD: Look,
my daughter already told you
that she was inside the store.
She didn't see anything
that happened outside.
Uma, I understand that
you saw a man get shot,
and I understand how
terrifying that is.
Believe me, I do.
But this is so important.
You don't have to
say anything, okay?
CARRIE: He knew
you were there.
"Butterfly" was
the last word he said.
You have a butterfly
tattoo on your ankle.
I think he thought
that whatever you saw
could help us solve this.
She already told
you everything.
Dad.
It's okay.
I was in Spencer's
Caddy when everyone
went into the store,
'cause I was tired.
But then I got bored,
so I opened
the door to get out.
Then suddenly
this van came up,
and a guy with a camera,
he got out and ran
towards the store.
That's when the man
with the gun came out.
I crouched down to hide.
The car was between
me and the two of them.
I heard the shot,
and then the camera guy fell.
Okay, we're done now.
We're done.
I know she's scared.
I know you're scared for her.
But you can help
me catch this guy.
The sooner you help me,
the sooner he's
off the streets,
and you don't have to be
frightened any more.
I never saw his face.
He was wearing a mask.
I...
I was still ducked down,
he ran past me,
jumped into a car.
Okay, that's good.
What kind of car?
I don't know.
I can't remember.
CARRIE: It's okay.
Anything that you
saw can help us.
Anything at all.
I...
I saw he had cuffs.
The shooter?
On his pant legs.
I remember thinking
that no one wears cuffs.
CARRIE: Let's go back
to the car, okay?
Is there anything you remember
about the car, the color?
Yeah.
It was gray.
Anything else about the car
that you can remember?
Any specifics, make?
Take a breath.
Relax
and focus.
I...
...remember part of
the license plate.
That's great.
Thanks, Jay.
RFK 575 belongs to
a gray Nissan Maxima,
which, according to LoJack,
went directly
from Bob's Quickie Mart
to right here.
Cuffs on his pants,
just like Uma said.
Looks like we got
our shooter.
Gunman's name was Bud Mayer.
Crazy thing is,
this is not some kid
looking for quick cash.
This was_
a profe55ional hitman,
hired contract killer
out of Sarasota.
Ex-serviceman. Coast Guard.
What's a professional
hitman doing
knocking over
a convenience store?
See, I don't think he was.
Hitmen kill people, right?
So what if the
convenience store robbery
was just his cover,
and he was specifically
there to kill Nate?
So Nate's murder
was the reason
for the robbery
and not vice versa.
Nate Orton was exactly
where he was supposed to be,
where someone
wanted him to be.
He was lured there.
That's why he got to
the robbery so fast.
So we're thinking
Mayer kills Nate Orton,
then goes to meet
whoever's gonna pay him,
except he doesn't
get paid, right?
He gets smoked.
So if Bud Mayer was
hired to kill Nate Orton,
why do it this crazy way?
'Cause_ it's smart.
Convenience store,
wrong place, wrong time.
Nobody checks into
the victim's past.
Nobody tries to figure out
who wanted him dead.
Nate Orton was a stringer
for local news stations.
Why him?
Wasn't always a stringer.
Ten years ago,
he was a war photographer.
Spent years in
the Middle East,
Darfur and the Congo.
Got an ex-wife out
in Arizona, no kids.
Parents dead.
And where does this guy live?
Uh...
Apartment in Ozone Park.
Get your partner.
Go check out this guy's place.
You getting texts
from your fortune teller now?
Uh, no, from Jay.
Smart-ass.
AL: What can you tell
us about Nate Orton?
He was quiet.
Paid his rent on time.
Friends, girlfriend?
None of my business.
I'll be downstairs,
you need me.
Place isn't ransacked.
There's no personal pictures,
photographs of
friends or family.
Seems like a lonely guy.
Wow! I know this shot.
It's pretty famous.
Nate must have been
the real deal,
back in the day.
Police, freeze.
Turn around and get down
on the ground. Now!
Not unless you get
down there with me.
Eddie?
You gotta be kidding me.
Seriously?
How you folks doing?
You got three
seconds to tell me
what you're doing here,
or I will shoot you.
Any way to talk
to your ex
Two seconds.
Hey, okay. Okay.
_ I saw on
the Wire you came across
some handiwork from
an old acquaintance
of mine, Bud Mayer.
You have a lot
of acquaintances
that seem to end up
in New York.
No. But I've been tailing him
for two years now,
ever since he was
hired to take down
a young prosecutor in Daytona.
You're always
tailing someone,
you know that?
Bud missed the DA.
But he killed
the man's 24-year-old fiancee.
Figure if he's plying
his trade in New York,
I'd see what turns up.
And what turns up
is Bud Mayer's body.
Which you must have known
before you came up here.
Easy, compadre.
I got Mayer linked to
five other unsolved murders
in Florida alone,
so naturally I
thought there might be
something relevant up here.
And I mean, who knows?
Right, Carrie?
Yeah, who knows?
Okay, slick.
But we ask the questions.
Keep your mitts off
our investigation,
all right?
Yeah, no problem.
As far as I'm concerned,
you can put your
mitts wherever you want.
AL: For now,
you're excused, Eddie.
Oh, don't be an asshole.
Your victim,
he's a photographer,
a video guy.
Where's his equipment?
No cameras, no computers.
I know where it is.
You're up here so often,
Eddie, maybe you should think
about getting a place.
Actually, I have a suite
at this hotel on Bleecker.
Every room has
a massage chair.
Maybe you should
come over and loosen up.
Sorry, I'm all booked.
Ah, you meant her.
No, I'm good.
I'm very familiar with
the Eddie Ma_rtin
massage experience.
Ah, what's that
supposed to mean?
I have never had
an unhappy customer.
Uh, I was an unhappy customer
when you used that
massage candle on me,
gave me
third-degree burns...
You knocked it out of my hand.
Then you ruined
my sheets with it,
and then on top of that,
you massaged my neck so hard
that you actually
slipped my disc.
Look, I am deeply committed
to my deep-tissue techniques,
by the way.
These hands are magic.
So magic that I couldn't turn
my head to the left or
the right for about,
oh, I don't know, eight weeks?
There used to be four
hard drives right there,
and now they're gone.
What if they got stolen,
and what if
whatever was on them
is what got Nate Orton killed?
Invoices from WETX News.
Must have sold
footage to them.
All right.
Let's get Denny on it.
I can do it.
No, we can handle it, Eddie.
How about we just
let you know what we find?
EDDIE: Okay.
You know, there's
a great bar at the hotel.
If you're free later,
wanna update me...
No, I really can't.
EDDIE: Okay.
Maybe later. Yeah, no.
Okay, maybe. I'll...
Let me think about it.
Don't look at me.
Ah...
Okay, so we talked
to the WETX News director.
All right?
A, she's sending over
all the footage
Nate ever sold her.
Good. What's B?
Uh?
You said, A.
There's gotta be a B.
I didn't know
that was a rule.
There is a B.
Right before he was killed,
Nate got a phone call about
the Quickie Mart robbery.
That's when he took off.
Who called him?
It was a burner cell,
we can't trace it.
And here's the thing.
We think it was
his own burner.
What the hell are
you talking about?
According to
the lady from WETX,
Nate handed out burner cells
to all kinds of people.
Homeless dudes,
anybody who hung
out on the streets.
And he told them
to give him a call
as soon as they saw
something go down.
Paid them 50 bucks
if the tip turned
into a sellable video.
Smart.
Might also be
what got him killed.
Now, news director also said
he was one of her best guys.
Always worked hard,
handed in great footage.
Suffered some
emotional issues from
the stuff he saw while
filming in war zones.
Things he must have seen.
News director tell
you about anything Orton
filmed that may
have put him in danger?
Yeah, about a month ago.
He called her saying
he caught the aftermath
of a drive-by
involving Orlando Martinez.
As in, Orlando Martinez,
enforcer for
the Delgado drug cartel?
Not a guy I'd wanna piss off.
Maybe he knew that.
He never handed
in the footage.
If Orton filmed Martinez
or any of his people
in a drive-by,
they'd want to make sure
that footage never got out.
_ Ed_die _is here
investigating a case.
What is so suspicious
about that?
He's pursuing a dead hitman.
That's what's so suspicious.
Okay, listen,
Al, Eddie and I
got divorced.
Newly divorced.
For all I know,
you got married
again last weekend.
Last weekend? No.
The case is a cover because
he's not done With you,
and you know it.
You know,
you're jealous
and protective,
and I want to tell
you that is very sexy.
That's him.
I found something.
Oh.
You sure did.
Look, that guy was
a fly buzzing around.
I don't swat files.
I go after the big insects,
scorpions.
Here's what I think.
Nate Orton filmed
you doing something
that would send you to prison
for a long time.
But you didn't
want to go to prison
for a long time,
so you killed him.
I'm in the background
of some video.
You_can't see
me d0ing nothing.
I should sue for,
What's it called,
misappropriation of likeness.
You should. Wow.
You're a real F. Lee Bailey.
I know my rights.
I didn't have to
steal that footage.
That guy, Orton,
he didn't even
have it no more.
How would you know that?
I got a call from
another video guy,
says he's got the footage.
Wanted to sell it.
So why would I kill your guy?
Who's this other guy?
I don't know. I killed him.
Messing with you.
You're a real funny guy,
Orlando.
Maybe we should
keep you in here
a little longer While
we follow up on that.
I didn't get the guy's name.
But he was real slimy,
you know, skinny, real angry.
He had a sorry-ass mustache.
It's gross.
AL: Stringers. At the car
accidents, drive-bys...
Andy Wilson.
He was at the crime scene.
EDDIE: Hey, Al,
news station says Wilson
just called from
inside the strip club fire.
All right, thanks.
Wilson should be
around here someplace.
He was just on
the phone with WETX,
trying to sell
them his unique angle
on a strip club fire.
I don't see him,
but look who I do see.
Hey, Eddie!
Taking in
a little entertainment
While you're in town?
_You never could
re5ist a good strip club.
Hmm. Guilty as charged.
Apparently,
that last call to Nate
from the burner came
in at exactly 5:21 am,
which is odd because...
Because the time stamp
on the store's
security footage
had our hitman entering
the store at 5:25 am.
I love it
when we finish
each other's thoughts.
Point is, Nate gets
a tip about a robbery
before it's even started.
That's how he was lured there.
Before the cops,
before other stringers.
Which means
Whoever wanted him dead
knew his schedule.
That's Why they picked
that Quickie Mart, right?
Because they kneW
he'd be right down
the street at WETX.
See? She finishes
my thoughts, too.
Keep an eye out for Wilson.
I'm gonna check
inside the club.
Sure.
What?
You're remarkable.
And distracting.
Well, so are you.
But I'm still
able to do my job.
Meaning?
Meaning there goes
Andy Wilson.
Nice right hook.
Maybe there is still
magic in those hands, uh?
You're welcome.
Guess I can do
my job, after all, uh?
If you're done patting
yourself on the back,
I'm gonna go find his van.
Come on.
Gotcha.
Okay! Okay.
I broke into Nate's van,
but I didn't kill him.
Why'd you run?
I thought your buddies
were coming to talk to me
about an alleged
incident of me messing
with traffic lights
to cause accidents.
Talk to me about the drives
you took from Nate Orton.
Martinez offered me cash,
uh, a lot of cash,
ifI could get
back the footage
of his guys at the drive-by.
Nate refused to
sell it to him.
I wasn't gonna do it.
But when I got to
the Quickie Mart,
Nate was already dead.
So you snuck into his van
at a crime scene,
and just took them?
Well, he didn't need
them anymore!
They just were
sitting right there.
All right.
Look, I'm a scumbag.
I'm not a murderer.
Plus, I was with
my girlfriend
all night,
watching movies at her place.
No disrespect,
I find that hard to believe.
We watched
The Search for Spock
on Netflix.
I swear.
You can check it out.
No, What I find
hard to believe is that
you have a girlfriend.
EDDIE: Hey.
Hey.
So your boy Andy Wilson's
alibi checks out.
The girlfriend
confirms they were watching
Star Trek: Search for Spock,
and The Final Frontier.
The Final Frontier?
We should lock them up
just for that?
You got anything?
Yeah, a headache
from watching
Nate's footage all night.
Car crashes, fires,
bodies gunned
down on a sidewalk.
But it might've
paid off, boss.
These are from a fundraiser
from an inner-City
literacy program.
Nate filled in
for a photographer
a couple weeks ago.
But check this video.
This was in Nate's camera,
and the footage
was shot directly
after the fundraiser.
Now, apparently Nate
saw some car accident
when he was driving
home and filmed it.
Spoke to
Nassau County detectives.
Victim's name was
Laura Parks.
She was on her way home
from the fundraiser,
lost control of her car.
News director said _
Nate was onto something big,
but hadn't shown
her any video yet.
Can't be this.
It's old news already.
Unless it isn't.
There's more, guys.
Take a look
at that.
Wow!
Let's go to the replay, folks.
Mmm-hmm.
Who the hell's that?
He must have been in the car
when it went over the edge.
Check the time stamp.
It's at least
three minutes after the car
goes in the water,
and there's no sign
that he breaks
the surface before that.
Guy has some
serious lung capacity.
Can you get closer?
JAY: No.
There's not enough light.
No way to ID him.
Well,
Nate Orton was trying to.
That's What got him killed.
Our drowning victim,
Laura Parks,
Managing
Director of Free City,
a charity that builds
parks and playgrounds
in low-income neighborhoods.
You talk to Witnesses
who were at the fundraiser?
EDDIE: We're still
checking on guests.
Valet says she
came and left alone.
Autopsy reports
a 0.09 blood alcohol level.
Just above
the legal limit.
And the cause of death
is definitely drowning?
Looks like it.
Delina's going over
the autopsy reports
with Carrie right now,
just to see if
there's anything funky.
What are we looking at?
Nate's photos.
I've been tracking Laura
through the entire fundraiser.
There she goes
eating hors d'oeuvres,
bidding on a trip to Barbados,
knocking down
a second cocktail.
There's nobody
arguing with her,
nobody hitting on her,
anything that's gonna
let us see Who could have
been in that car?
Nope.
Well, Whoever was in that
car sure as hell doesn't
want anyone to know.
He managed to get
himself out of there
and still hasn't come forward.
You got an address
on Laura Parks?
Yeah.
She lived with her sister
out in New Rochelle.
CARRIE: Wow, that fundraiser
looked kind of boring.
Yeah,
well, check this one out,
the one I told you about.
The guy held his
breath for three minutes.
CARRIE: Wow!
Yeah.
DELINA: Hey, Carrie. Hi.
CARRIE: Hey.
Oh, um, this is Eddie.
Eddie's going to be
helping us out
with this case.
Hi.
Eddie! It's nice to meet you.
As in "Eddie" Eddie?
Yeah, as in "Eddie" Eddie.
Wait, does everyone know?
What, that we were
married for 30 seconds?
Yeah, pretty much.
So where are we
on Laura Parks?
Yeah, so the work was done
by an ME out of Great Neck,
but the report seems
pretty straightforward.
"Laura drowned, hit her head
on the side Window of her car
"upon impact with the water,
"such impact being consistent
with a loss of consciousness
"Which rendered her unable
to get out of the vehicle.
"There were no other
wounds to the body."
Really
Pretty much.
Except for one detail
which may be relevant,
Laura's seatbelt
was still fastened.
So it seems
Whoever was in the car
made no attempt to
help her get out.
Really?
Hmm.
CARRIE: Okay, thanks, Delina.
Yeah.
Russo needs these
findings anyway,
so I gotta jump.
Okay.
It was nice to
meet you, Eddie.
Nice to meet you, too.
See you later.
Put your tongue
back in your mouth.
Wow.
You know I only
have eyes for you.
You're so full of shit.
What are you...
What's wrong with
appreciating a little beauty?
You appreciated the beauty
of half the women in Florida,
which is why we're
not married any more.
No, we're not married
anymore because you left.
I'm right here.
Yeah, you are.
I'm getting Carrie,
and we're heading over
to the sister's apartment.
Eddie! You're still here.
Your hitman's dead,
I figured you'd be
heading down to Daytona.
Yeah, Eddie,
you should probably
head back to Daytona.
To... You want me to go?
The hitman is dead.
Dead, yeah.
All right, then.
Keep me updated?
Sure!
All right. Till next time.
Can't wait.
Hey.
I miss something?
No!
I'm heading out to
Laura Parks' apartment.
Figured you'd wanna come.
I don't understand.
You want to see Laura's room
because you think
she was murdered?
The other police
said it was an accident.
Well,
we have reason to believe
there was another
person in the car
with your sister when
it went off the bridge.
What are you talking about?
Who was it?
Ms. Parks,
I have to ask, do you know
_ if Laura was
involved With anyone?
SUSANNA: Not that she told me,
but she didn't
tell me everything.
I don't
understand any of this.
I'm sorry.
I know this is hard.
You mentioned the local police
_ returned a box of
things to you from her car?
After they ruled
it an accident,
they gave it to me.
I haven't been
able to open it.
Do you mind
if we take a look?
Excuse me.
Wait a second.
Table nine.
So?
So Laura sat at table 17.
Okay, boss,
so these are the guests
who were seated at
table number nine.
All right, well, two of
these are senior partners at
the largest firm in the city.
That guy is on
the board of the Met,
and three others are
on the City Council.
Right, so...
So, before you accuse
somebody of, at worst,
drowning a girl,
and at best,
swimming away
and letting her die,
I'd beef up my
theory just a little bit.
You can be sure we will.
So, have you connected
any of them to Laura?
Check this.
That's Thomas Noonan.
The one and only.
New York's favorite
real estate developer
and rising political star.
Okay, you have to be
very sure about this one.
We're sure Tom Noonan
is the pre5ident
of the Board of
Trustees of Free City,
the charity
Laura Parks managed.
And on top of that,
his Wife was out of town
that weekend at
a conference in Zurich.
Yeah, but was he in that car?
That's What Al and Carrie
are gonna find out.
CHRIS: Tom.
Tom Noonan.
Hey.
_ Carrie Wells.
Lieutenant Burns.
Thank you for your service.
Chris explained to
me Why you're here.
I was shocked to hear
about Laura's death.
She was a wonderful woman.
She managed one
of my charities
and did a great job.
We're actually
also investigating
the murder of a journalist,
Nate Orton.
Does that ring a bell?
No. I'm sorry.
It's interesting
you and Laura were
at the same
fundraiser the
night she died,
and in her car we found
a table numbe_r
placer for table nine,
but she sat at table 17.
I don't understand.
What does that
have to do with me?
You were at table nine.
If you say so.
I don't remember.
Were you in the car with Laura
when it went into the water?
Excuse me?
Were you having
an affair With Laura Parks?
For whatever it's worth,
I was not.
But I wasn't the only
person at table nine.
And, as I recall,
that particular fundraiser,
I was there
until the bitter end.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to get to
my nephew's wedding.
Before you go, quick question.
Can anyone confirm that
you were at the fundraiser
until the very end?
Chris.
Sir.
The fundraiser,
What time did we
end up leaving?
Had to be after
1:00 in the morning.
You spent a feW hours working
on your speech for
the President's Council.
I am truly sorry
about Laura Parks' death,
but if you have any
further questions,
please talk to my lawyer.
Chris will see you out.
It's right this way.
You know What?
We're good, Chris.
We can show ourselves out.
Noonan has a photograph
of a cabin in there.
What about it?
I saw a picture of Laura
in front of that
exact same cabin.
Noonan's lying.
Could be they were
having an affair.
Noonan's running
for governor.
Maybe she was threatening
to tell his wife, go public?
So he shuts her up,
for good.
According to Chris Kane,
his boss, Noonan,
was working on
a speech all night
for the President's
CounCIl on Economics.
If the alibi about
the speech is a lie,
if Kane's
covering for his boss,
Noonan could have
been in that car
when it went off the bridge.
Guy like that
goes to a fundraiser,
driver brings him.
Limo driver said he
had the night off.
He said Noonan was testing out
his new Aston Martin.
Aston Martin, figures.
All right, folks.
Check it out.
I just started looking
into Free City, right?
The charity that
Laura worked for,
that Noonan was
on the board of?
Looks like they defaulted
to the tune of $790,000.
Jay. Get me everything
I need to see Free
City's bank accounts
going back for
the last five years.
Laura had a note
in her room, 790.
$790,000.
Maybe she knew
What was going on.
Noonanis
the chairman of that charity.
If he's making
a play for governor,
the last thing he needs
is for three-quarters
of $1 million to vanish
from those accounts.
Sounds like it's
worth having another
conversation with Noonan.
Good luck With that.
He's completely lawyered up.
Besides, we don't have
enough for a warrant to
get him in here.
Well, we don't
really need a warrant.
We just need a shot
at talking to 250 of Tom
Noonan's closest friends.
We're gonna crash a wedding,
aren't we, Al?
Yeah.
Baby, what you doing now?
You're pissin' me off
Your hair is so luxurious
And your lips
are so soft
Ooh, look at all this.
Must have cost a fortune.
Slightly nicer
than the last
wedding we went to.
Sarah and Jeb's,
August 23rd, 2001.
It was by a lake,
and I remember
that you teared up
during their vows.
Pollen count was off
the charts up there.
Hey, how you doing?
This is invitation only,
and I asked you
to speak to my
lawyer if you want...
And then I asked you
if you were having
an affair With Laura Parks.
I told you I didn't.
Really?
That's interesting,
because I got a picture of her
outside your private cabin
in the Adirondacks.
Leave now,
or I Will have your badges.
Talk to me now,
or I'm gonna make
a big scene at this wedding,
right in front of your wife
and maybe talk about your
little affair with Laura!
This is kind of her
thing at weddings.
Well, not all weddings.
What about Mark and Kari's?
Well, that was
kind of a scene.
Right?
Right.
You should start talking.
Definitely.
All right.
I had a brief
liaison with Laura
nearly two years ago.
ButI had nothing
to do with the car
accident or her death,
and we hadn't
spoken in months.
Now, I have a plane to catch,
so unless you have a warrant,
get off my estate.
Well, I think
Noonan's definitely
through talking to us.
At least he admitted
he was havmg
an affair With Laura.
Now, there's someone
who might have
some information.
Maybe he'll talk to us.
Hey, Chris!
Hey.
Good to see you again.
What can I do for you?
Actually, um,
well, you know Free City,
Laura Parks' charity?
Sure.
We understand that
Mr. Noonan was incredibly
devoted to that charity.
Very.
We also understand that
he was incredibly
devoted to Laura Parks.
Did you know
the IRS was investigating
Free City for
misappropriation of funds?
What?
$790,000 missing
from the charity's accounts.
I had no idea.
Do you think
Noonan kneW about that?
Because Laura did.
You wanna rethink
being his alibi the night
of the fundraiser?
Oh, God.
I never should
have vouched for him.
You guys gotta protect me.
Talk to us, and we will.
Yeah.
Noonan came to me that night.
Soaking wet.
He said that Laura
had approached him
after the fundraiser
and said that
she was gonna tell his
Wife about the affair
and the missing money
if he didn't pay her off.
Blackmail.
So he got into her car.
She was driving.
They argued.
She lost control,
they were in the water,
and he got out.
He swam away.
No, he left her to die,
is What he did.
He told me that
he tried to help,
but he couldn't get her out.
I believed him.
So I helped him
with his alibi.
Look,
you may not believe this,
but Noonan is a great man.
He could be a great governor.
But then that reporter
started asking questions.
Nate Orton.
He said that
he had a video.
He was working on a story.
He asked ifI had a comment.
I didn't tell him anything,
but I did tell Tom,
and he said he was
gonna take care of it.
The next thing I know,
the guy's dead in
an armed robbery.
Well, that wasn't
What the hell is happening?
I mean, you think Noonan
had this guy killed?
We're gonna find out.
AL: Excuse me, Mr. Noonan.
I'm headed to
a technology conference
in Seattle. No more questions.
We don't have any questions.
We're arresting you
for the murders of
Nate Orton and Bud Mayer.
AL: Went directly from
Bob's Quickie Mart
to right here.
What can I do for you?
Fire away.
Al, I'll be right back.
CARRIE: Hey, Chris.
We just arrested your boss.
Is there anything I can do?
Must be crazy.
You know,
I can't even imagine
What it must be like
working with
someone so closely
and having no idea
who they really are.
How did he take it?
Ah! You know, not well.
I mean, poor Noonan.
Hmm.
Had to drop his
fancy cigar, right?
A perfectly good
Montecristo.
You know your cigars.
No, not me, my partner.
He likes nothing
more than a good brandy
and a nice Romeo
and Julieta No 4.
I've got something
special for him.
Oh.
EDDIE: Guy held his breath
for three minutes.
CARRIE: Wow.
EDDIE: Bud Mayer.
He's a hitman.
I'm the one who buys
Noonan his Cubans.
But I keep a few for myself.
These, these are
the best in the world.
That's so nice of you.
Thank you.
He'll appreciate that.
Coast Guard, huh?
Yep.
Search and Rescue.
Wow! That's impressive.
I heard the training
for that is, is brutal.
You gotta hold
your breath underwater
for What, three minutes?
Congratulations.
You got me.
Put your gun on the desk.
Listen...
Put your gun on the desk!
Sure.
I get it.
Laura noticed
the money missmg
from Free City's accounts,
and she comes to you.
Maybe you didn't
mean to kill her.
We can work with that.
I didn't kill her.
You don't know
What happened.
Was it all about money?
You have no idea
What it's about.
Not you, not that
son of a bitch Noonan.
Okay.
You know,
I've had bosses like him.
I mean,
you're a war hero, right?
And the man has you
doing seating charts.
I work hard.
I deserve that money.
So you skimmed
a little, right?
Laura noticed and...
Yeah. I saw her driving away.
I flag her down,
I tried to reason with her.
But she got angry,
and the car,
it started to fishtail.
I tried to grab the Wheel,
but the next thing I knew,
we were going
over the bridge.
And I reached over
to unbuckle Laura's seatbelt,
and then I looked
in her face,
and I thought that
ifI let her die,
all my problems
die with her.
I would've been fine,
until Nate Orton_
started asking questions.
So you call your
old Coast Guard
buddy-turned-hitman,
Bud Mayer.
You lure Nate down
to the Quickie Mart,
and then all you had to do
was get back to the Bronx,
take care of Mayer.
And then when you realized
that we were gonna pin
the Whole thing on Noonan,
you let him drown, too.
That's enough.
It's time to go.
You're gonna
walk me out of here.
You're not gonna
get away with this.
Turn around.
Go!
All right.
AL: Carrie.
Yup.
Where you been?
Ah, you know,
just hanging out.
But I'm doing
just fine, Roscoe.
Roscoe?
Drop it, or I'll shoot her.
No one needs to
get shot here, right?
It's okay.
Just take a breath.
What?
Not bad, Daytona.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
CARRIE: Hi.
EDDIE: Damn.
Again with saving your asses.
I had that shot.
Oh, really?
I thought you were
in Florida.
Luclq for you,
I changed my mind.
Yeah, well, that was
a pretty shitty
way to say goodbye.
You told me to leave.
No, I didn't tell you
to leave.
You know, don't worry
about it, all right?
Fortunately, I can take it.
I don't give up that easy.
Yeah, good thing for me.
Because of, you know,
the case.
'Cause of the case.
Hmm.
That was pretty smart
with that Roscoe business.
Yeah, well, I'm impressed
that you remembered.
I must be rubbing off on you.
How could I forget?
Roscoe Felton took you
hostage in that bank.
You barely got out
of that one alive.
You almost had a heart attack.
You worry about me too much.
What's wrong with that?
AW...
Oh, no.
Hope that's not a sign.
A sign?
You don't believe in signs.
Speaking of which,
you owe me
an apology and my psychic.
For what?
She said a handsome man
was gonna enter my life,
and guess What,
Eddie showed up.
Eddie doesn't count.
He's not that handsome.
He's handsome.
Not as handsome as you.
Yeah...
They have no idea
What they're in for.
Think you'll ever
get married again?
No. I am not
the marrying kind,
trust me.
Hmm.
What about you?
Life's pretty good.
Why fix it if it ain't broke?